[docs] slight edits to the attention backends docs. (#12394)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/optimization/attention_backends.md

    image = pipeline(prompt).images[0]
```

> [!TIP]

> > Most of these attention backends come with `torch.compile` compatibility without any graph breaks. Consider using it for maximum speedups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Most attention backends support `torch.compile` without graph breaks and can be used to further speed up inference.
```

## Available backends

Refer to the table below for a complete list of available attention backends and their variants.

> <details>

Reviewer: May be simpler to replace the table at the beginning of the docs with this more complete one, wdyt?

Author: Actually the first table is nice in the sense that it provides a consolidated overview of what's supported. So, I'd prefer to keep it.
